com/example/zxingqr/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.CameraManager
com/example/zxingqr/DisplayUtil.java
 com.example.zxingqr.DisplayUtil
com/example/zxingqr/camera/FlashlightManager.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.FlashlightManager
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/DecodeFormatManager.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.DecodeFormatManager
com/example/zxingqr/activity/CaptureFragment.java
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CaptureFragment
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CaptureFragment$1
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CaptureFragment$CameraInitCallBack
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/FinishListener.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.FinishListener
com/example/zxingqr/activity/ZXingLibrary.java
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.ZXingLibrary
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/DecodeHandler.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.DecodeHandler
com/example/zxingqr/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.zxingqr.BuildConfig
com/example/zxingqr/view/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 com.example.zxingqr.view.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
com/example/zxingqr/view/ViewfinderView.java
 com.example.zxingqr.view.ViewfinderView
com/example/zxingqr/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/DecodeThread.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.DecodeThread
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/CaptureActivityHandler.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.CaptureActivityHandler
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.CaptureActivityHandler$State
com/example/zxingqr/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.PreviewCallback
com/example/zxingqr/encoding/EncodingHandler.java
 com.example.zxingqr.encoding.EncodingHandler
com/example/zxingqr/ZApplication.java
 com.example.zxingqr.ZApplication
com/example/zxingqr/camera/BitmapLuminanceSource.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.BitmapLuminanceSource
com/example/zxingqr/activity/CaptureActivity.java
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CaptureActivity
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CaptureActivity$1
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CaptureActivity$2
com/example/zxingqr/camera/AutoFocusCallback.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.AutoFocusCallback
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/Intents.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.Intents
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.Intents$Encode
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.Intents$Scan
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.Intents$SearchBookContents
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.Intents$Share
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.Intents$WifiConnect
com/example/zxingqr/activity/CodeUtils.java
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CodeUtils
 com.example.zxingqr.activity.CodeUtils$AnalyzeCallback
com/example/zxingqr/decoding/InactivityTimer.java
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.InactivityTimer
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.InactivityTimer$1
 com.example.zxingqr.decoding.InactivityTimer$DaemonThreadFactory
com/example/zxingqr/camera/PlanarYUVLuminanceSource.java
 com.example.zxingqr.camera.PlanarYUVLuminanceSource
